
# Mau-Mau game concept

It's a mau-mau card game concept as a technical challenge from iFD GmbH.

The minimal requirement is the creation of a design that could be used for implementation of the software. Below you can find other requirements. 

### Requirements of the challenge
- Take on a designer role, who receives the problem definition and prepares the requirements so the developer can start with implementation. Also implement a part of the concept
- It would be useful to define the structure of the data (e.g. using a class diagram) and describe the game flow using state/transition or activity diagrams. Which type of diagrams to use is up to you
- The complete implementation of the game is not required. Rather, interest on gaining insight into level of knowledge and the way of thinking as a developer
- Select a meaningful part for implementation
- **_Important:_** _Do it without AI-based code generation_

And below are some notes on solution.

### Notes on solution:  
- create and model suitable classes
- think about information to display on UI and present it clearly and easily recognizable (text output)
- The source code must not have fully implemented, take concentration on essential key point
- Develop and design the program and every part of them clearly, easy to explain, good structured, clear identified and well commented

___

Project uses **Java 21 (Azul Zulu 21.0.7)** and gradle as a build tool.    
Java is required at least to build the project. Intellij IDEA has Gradle out of the box, so you don't need to install Gradle manually, and yes, gradle wrapper can solve it itself too.
___

Let's look at the diagrams that shows how data is structured and describes a game flow. There are three types of diagrams: class, activity and state. **Note: All types of diagrams were designed before the start of coding and have mostly not been changed since then.**   

As you see in the [class diagram](diagrams/class.png), there are four basic enumerations: ([CardType](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/enums/CardType.java), [Direction](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/enums/Direction.java), [Rank](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/enums/Rank.java), [Suit](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/enums/Suit.java)) used in the code and three classes ([Card](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/Card.java), [Deck](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/Deck.java), [Player](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/models/Player.java)) representing the general objects in the game.

The Game is controlled in class [Game](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/Game.java), which is responsible for the whole game process and started in class [Main](src/main/java/com/challenge/maumau/Main.java).

The fourth diagram [class-IDEA.png](diagrams/class-IDEA.png) is generated by Intellij IDEA and the code/screenshot were located with other diagrams, to show the difference between planned work and current state.

The [class](diagrams/class.png) diagram also shows the PlayerStrategy interface, which is implemented by two classes: HumanPlayerStrategy and BotPlayerStrategy.  These classes are designed to use one interface for all players, as well as to further implementation of the playing strategy for the computer and the interactivity for a real person entering commands in the console.
